docs: update screenshots in the UG, add manual testing information for clear and reset commands, add MSS for reset command (#262)
AY2122S2-CS2103T-T17-2/tp: docs/team/blaketingyu.md

### Project: McKitchen

McKitchen (My-CLI-Kitchen) is a desktop application that can quickly store, edit, and search for recipes by running a single command. This is ideal for the fast typists, amateur cooks, busy students or executives who want a simple way to store or search for simple recipes to cook.

> The user interacts with it using a CLI-like interface, and it has a GUI created with JavaFX. It is written in Java and has about 10.3 kLoC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The user interacts with it using a CLI-like interface, and it has a GUI created with JavaFX. It is written in Java and has about 8 kLoC.
```

McKitchen (My-CLI-Kitchen) is a desktop application that can quickly store, edit, and search for recipes by running a single command. This is ideal for the fast typists, amateur cooks, busy students or executives who want a simple way to store or search for simple recipes to cook.
The user interacts with it using a CLI-like interface, and it has a GUI created with JavaFX. It is written in Java and has about (to update) kLoC.

**Summary of contributions**

> * **Code contributed:** : [RepoSense link (https://nus-cs2103-ay2122s2.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=blaketingyu&brekdown=true)]()

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Code contributed:** : [RepoSense link](https://nus-cs2103-ay2122s2.github.io/tp-dashboard/?search=blaketingyu&brekdown=true)
```
